hi guys welcome at my workshop today I
want to share with you a simple tip made
to improve why ask me to play a thing
sir but but what machines this plane
earth episode 1 we have to lift both
tables up and remove the fence to get up
the thickness emote this law is a pain
for me because I just all offense
elsewhere normally clipper you know sits
on my table sort of my workbench it's
always in the way afterwards what I have
to have now find the means of storing it
quite immediately I'm gonna see himself
so all I've done is to replicate the
existing bracket here used to mount the
fence when using the planer made that
again out of wood if you had the money i
suppose and then where it cost me you
could just buy another nice I guess
assuming they're in stock didn't take
long to make though it's all made from
scrap wood couple of bevels there to
hold the fence in place and just
bolt-ons the inside with a couple of
nuts on there to lock it in place it's
the only thin sheet steel so it's very
easy to drill and you'll make sure your
bolts don't stick through too far
obviously may interfere with the gears
and pulleys and things once a new
bracket is screwed in place you'll find
you over convenient space in which that
final offense mitts not required like so
just drops in place what other
advantages did happen your fence inside
the plane like this so we have somewhere
to battle opponents as a machine
anything like so write reports are not
too long too wide give you a small job
is small component
maybe narrow pieces short lengths it
could be quite useful on some machines
you are fortunate in that the fence
wings up with the table so it's not
applicable to that but regardless I hope
you found this video useful and
informative thank you for watching
please check out my blog and stay tuned
for videos future
you